<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
  <title>Chrysalis</title>
  <link href="styles/page.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>

  <h3 class="chapter">1 : flesh and steel</h3>

  <p class="midPage">The morning is bright and warm, melting some of the fresh powder on the trees.</p>

  <p>He knows nothing about this.</p>

  <p>His world extends to only a handful of things: his family's faces, the nurses' shoulders, and truly anything he can grasp in his small, chubby hands.</p>

  <p>His parents enjoy a rare moment; one where they're together with no direct duties to attend to and aren't asleep. One where Teknieris is calm and quiet, but no less happy. He smiles, wisps of dark pink hair moving against the blanket furs in his low basket, as he waves his arms and feet around trying to make contact with a dark blue tassel that his father dangles in front of him.</p>

  <p>"Are you playing with your son or a dog?" His mother laughs from the other end of the table, pressing her palms on a warm mug.</p>

  <p>"Teknos, shake." His father places his hand in the path of his son's wiggling and is rewarded with Teknieris using both hands to grab his fingers. "Who's a good boy? Yes, you are! Yes, you are, my son!"</p>

  <p>His mother shakes her head and laughs as their son babbles delightfully. "Stop it. You're going to end up doing that in front of company and embarrassing yourself."</p>

  <p>"Zhachys would probably think it's funny, too. Especially with his own son on the way." Oknivis looks at the clock and stands. In a few hours, the envoys will start arriving for Teknieris's 100 day celebration and he must make sure preparations are going well.</p>

  <p>As he picks his sword up from where it leans against the table, Teknieris gurgles and reaches out for the pale blue ornament hanging from the top of the scabbard.</p>

  <p>"Oh, do you like this, little one?" Oknivis smiles at his son. "This is the king's pendant. You'll get it when you're all grown up, but you can have a similar one when you're a little older."</p>

  <p>Oknivis lowers the scabbard a little too much and Teknieris takes it as his chance to pull the tassel closer to him. Thankfully, the hilt doesn't hit his face, but he grasps a round end of the sword's guard tightly in both hands and brings it close to his mouth. His father flusters as his mother lets out a small cry at the sudden action.</p>

  <p>"Oknivis!"</p>

  <p>"Sorry, little one, this isn't for you either." Oknivis carefully opens his son's tiny fingers from the metal. He looks up and gives his wife a sheepish smile. "At least it was sheathed?"</p>

  <p>Korasera rolls her eyes, picking up her mug that she had hastily placed onto the table. "Go, before the only things he wants to play with are swords."</p>

</body>

</html>
